Dear Sir/Madam

I am writing to apply for a position of Financial Analyst in the Online Partnerships Group.

My education and experience bring together three strands that would seem to fit the profile for this position: IT skills, PhD-level economics with a strong grasp of analytical techniques and modeling, and business consulting experience. Computing has been my passion since I was in high school.  Although I placed first in the National Olympiad in Informatics  in my home country, Albania, I decided to pursue a field that promised conceptual basis for understanding markets and business. I thus opted to study economics, while improving my IT skills on the side.

After completing my BA in Istanbul, I enrolled in an Economics PhD program in Prague where I specialized in  econometrics, industrial organization and international trade.  In 2011 I had the good fortune to be recruited by The Boston Consulting Group and have spent the last two years working on several international projects. In addition to a solid understanding of business cultures in a variety of international settings, the communications skills I have acquired from the BCG experience, and my knowledge of other languages are other relevant assets I would bring to OPG at Google.

Your company has the reputation of being a dynamic workplace that attracts the best and the most motivated. During my time as a consultant I have come to realize that the biggest factor in the success of a project is the client. Google is exactly where I want to be, the ideal client. I'm competitive, efficient, have an omnivorous appetite for new knowledge, and enjoy creating a convivial atmosphere for colleagues and clients. After talking to Ruchita Poddar and Gijs van der Hulst, I am convinced that I can contribute to your company in productive and creative ways.

Please find my curriculum vitae attached and do not hesitate to contact me with any questions you may have. I am also available for an interview at your convenience.

Sincerely,
Ilir Maçi